---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Tailscale Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# Tailscale Provider

This provider is used to interact with resources supported by the [Tailscale API](https://tailscale.com/api).

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources and data sources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    tailscale = {
      source  = "tailscale/tailscale"
      version = "<version>"
    }
  }
}

provider "tailscale" {
  oauth_client_id      = "my_client_id"
  oauth_client_secret  = "my_client_secret"
  tailnet              = "example.com"
}
```

## Authentication

There are several ways to authenticate the Tailscale provider with the Tailscale API.

Using a [trust credential](https://tailscale.com/kb/1623/trust-credentials) (an OAuth client or federated identity) is
recommended whenever possible as trust credentials can have granular access scopes applied to them whereas API keys cannot.

Available authentication methods are detailed below.

### OAuth clients

[OAuth clients](https://tailscale.com/kb/1215/oauth-clients) can be used for authentication by setting the `oauth_client_id`
and `oauth_client_secret` arguments in the provider configuration to the client ID and client secret of a configured OAuth client
respectively:

```terraform
provider "tailscale" {
  oauth_client_id     = "my_client_id"
  oauth_client_secret = "my_client_secret"
  tailnet             = "example.com"
}
```

See [argument reference](#argument-reference) for more details.

### Federated identities

[Workload identity federation](https://tailscale.com/kb/1581/workload-identity-federation) can be used for authentication
by setting the `oauth_client_id` and `identity_token` in the provider configuration to the client ID of a configured
federated identity and a JWT identity token from a compatible issuer respectively:

```terraform
provider "tailscale" {
  oauth_client_id = "my_client_id"
  identity_token  = "my_identity_token"
  tailnet         = "example.com"
}
```

See [argument reference](#argument-reference) for more details.

### API keys

[API keys](https://tailscale.com/kb/1101/api#authentication) can be used for authentication by setting the `api_key`
argument in the provider configuration:

```terraform
provider "tailscale" {
  api_key = "my_api_key"
  tailnet = "example.com"
}
```
See [argument reference](#argument-reference) for more details.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The API key to use for authenticating requests to the API. Can be set via the TAILSCALE_API_KEY environment variable. Conflicts with 'oauth_client_id' and 'oauth_client_secret'.
- `base_url` (String) The base URL of the Tailscale API. Defaults to https://api.tailscale.com. Can be set via the TAILSCALE_BASE_URL environment variable.
- `identity_token` (String, Sensitive) The jwt identity token to exchange for a Tailscale API token when using a federated identity. Can be set via the TAILSCALE_IDENTITY_TOKEN environment variable. Conflicts with 'api_key', 'oauth_client_secret', and 'identity_token_environment_variable_name'.
- `identity_token_environment_variable_name` (String) The name of an environment variable to read the identity token from. This is useful when the identity token is provided by an external system (such as Terraform Cloud workload identity) in an environment variable you do not control. Conflicts with 'identity_token'.
- `oauth_client_id` (String) The OAuth application or federated identity's ID when using OAuth client credentials or workload identity federation. Can be set via the TAILSCALE_OAUTH_CLIENT_ID environment variable. Either 'oauth_client_secret' or 'identity_token' must be set alongside 'oauth_client_id'. Conflicts with 'api_key'.
- `oauth_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The OAuth application's secret when using OAuth client credentials. Can be set via the TAILSCALE_OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET environment variable. Conflicts with 'api_key' and 'identity_token'.
- `scopes` (List of String) The OAuth 2.0 scopes to request when generating the access token using the supplied OAuth client credentials. See https://tailscale.com/kb/1623/trust-credentials#scopes for available scopes. Only valid when both 'oauth_client_id' and 'oauth_client_secret', or both are set.
- `tailnet` (String) The tailnet ID. Tailnets created before Oct 2025 can still use the legacy ID, but the Tailnet ID is the preferred identifier. Can be set via the TAILSCALE_TAILNET environment variable. Default is the tailnet that owns API credentials passed to the provider.
- `user_agent` (String) User-Agent header for API requests.
