---
page_title: "tailscale_tailnet_key Resource - terraform-provider-tailscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The tailnet_key resource allows you to create pre-authentication keys that can register new nodes without needing to sign in via a web browser. See https://tailscale.com/kb/1085/auth-keys for more information
---

# tailscale_tailnet_key (Resource)

The tailnet_key resource allows you to create pre-authentication keys that can register new nodes without needing to sign in via a web browser. See https://tailscale.com/kb/1085/auth-keys for more information

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "tailscale_tailnet_key" "sample_key" {
  reusable      = true
  ephemeral     = false
  preauthorized = true
  expiry        = 3600
  description   = "Sample key"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the key consisting of alphanumeric characters. Defaults to `""`.
- `ephemeral` (Boolean) Indicates if the key is ephemeral. Defaults to `false`.
- `expiry` (Number) The expiry of the key in seconds. Defaults to `7776000` (90 days).
- `preauthorized` (Boolean) Determines whether or not the machines authenticated by the key will be authorized for the tailnet by default. Defaults to `false`.
- `recreate_if_invalid` (String) Determines whether the key should be created again if it becomes invalid. By default, reusable keys will be recreated, but single-use keys will not. Possible values: 'always', 'never'.
- `reusable` (Boolean) Indicates if the key is reusable or single-use. Defaults to `false`.
- `tags` (Set of String) List of tags to apply to the machines authenticated by the key.
- `user_id` (String) ID of the user who created this key, empty for keys created by OAuth clients.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the key in RFC3339 format
- `expires_at` (String) The expiry timestamp of the key in RFC3339 format
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean) Indicates whether the key is invalid (e.g. expired, revoked or has been deleted).
- `key` (String, Sensitive) The authentication key

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Tailnet key can be imported using the key id, e.g.,
terraform import tailscale_tailnet_key.sample_key 123456789
```

-> ** Note ** the `key` attribute will not be populated on import as this attribute is only populated
on resource creation.

